chore: use github releases (#4024)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

> NOTE: Starting with version ``0.70.0`` release changelogs have moved to the `GitHub Release page <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku/releases>`_

Reviewer: wording (?):
```suggestion
NOTE: Starting with version ``0.70.0`` release changelog was moved to the `GitHub Release page <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku/releases>`_
```

Reviewer: or "has been moved" (?)
